This app renders three types of 3D drawings
using the Point Cloud method:
1. The collection of MandelBulb equations
2. A "3D stack" of Julia Set drawings.
3. A rendition of the MandelBox algorithm.
The point cloud method lets us see inside objects
in a way that isn't possible with ray marching.

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Slide your finger up and down the list to select
the desired widget.  Its legend will turn Green.

Now on the image,
slider your finger to control the widget's parameters.

Double tap on a widget legend to toggle it between
fast and slow editing.  Red graph background = slow.

Buttons:
A button command is performed by selecting the
legend, then releasing your finger.

Note: Pinch the image to control zoom.
Note: Drag two fingers to rotate the image.
Note: Drag three fingers to pan the image.
Note: Tap image to stop rotation.
Note: Double Tap image to toggle display of control panel.
Note: Swipe up/down on control panel to move focus.

A. Select Formula
   Tap on name to launch the Formula popup.
   Note: If a MandelBulb formula is chosen the additional control
   "Power" is displayed here, which sets the MandelBulb power
   from 2 to 12.
B. Bounding box axis controls move the Bounding box
   in the respective direction.
C. Control the size of the bounding box.
D. Show/Hide the axes legends and bounding box.
E. Select point size.
F. Select resolution of point cloud. 1,2 or 4 times 300x300x300.
G. Histogram View displays the relative number of points at
   each iteration level.
   Use this graph to select which points are rendered.
   You can scroll the active region bars by dragging a
   finger across the graph, or use the following widgets:
H. Position the center of the Histogram active region.
I. Control the width of the Histogram active region.
J. The number of points inside the active region.

K. ColorEdit
   Launches the Color Edit panel. (not shown)
   This panel holds a collection of color bars,
   each assigned to a point Cloud value.

   Directions for use :
   1. Tap on a bar to set its color from the palette index
      indicated by the which part of the bar you tap.
   2. Tap bar a second time to set its color back to black.
   3. Drag finger across the panel to set multiple bar colors.
   4. The "Center" and "Spread" widgets still work as before.
      If you use them they erase any editing you have done.
   Note: Drag on the Histogram graph to quickly move the colors.
   Note: Image is invisible until you set a color bar.

L. Cycle through four color palettes.

Box ------------
    The Box formula has the following three controls:
M.  B Fold controls the two 'Box Fold' parameters.
N.  S Fold controls the two 'Sphere Fold' parameters.
O.  Scale scales the above mentioned parameters.

Julia -----------
    Not shown in the legend, when you select the Julia formula
    this region holds four controls:
    "Real", "Imag", "Mult", and "Zoom".

    Mandelbulb and Box formulas calculate points throughout
    the 3D space of the bounding box.
    The Julia formula works differently: it calculates a series
    of two dimensional Julia set images,
    then stacks them above each other within the bounding box.
    The Red and Green axes scroll as usual, but the blue axis
    holds the stacked 2D Julia set drawings.
    The Xaxis of the 4 widgets controls the parameters of the
    first Julia set, while the Yaxis controls the parameters
    of the last Julia set.
    All interior Jula sets linearly interpolate between these two.

Q Julia -----------
    Not shown in the legend, when you select the Q Julia formula
    this region holds four controls:
    "P 1,2", "P 3,4", "P 5" and "P 6".
    You are specifiying the Constant parameter to the
    Quaternion Julia Set equation, along with a portion
    of the initial seed value, and an equation multiplier.

IFS ----------
    Not shown in the legend, when you select the IFS formula
    this region holds five widgets,
    controlling which equation type is used, and the scale, offset,
    shift, and two rotation angles.
    Tap the equation legend to launch the selection dialog.

P.  Reset parameters back to MandelBulb formula #1.
Q.  VERY Limited Undo.
    You can only undo the most recent 'Calc'.
R.  Smooth does a convolution on the points to remove
    spikes in the point values.
S.  Smooth2 does the same except stronger.
T.  Quant1 quantizes or posterizes the point cloud values
    by removing selected point values.
U.  Quant2 does the same idea on different point regions.

V.  Stereo toggles stereo viewing on and off.
    The image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
    With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross
    your eyes so that there is a third image in the middle.
    Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that
    middle image, which is in 3D.

W.  Launch the Save/Load dialog.

Note Shown:  Equation.  Toggle display of live shader source code.
